All right, next episode.
All right, let's go.
Court is back in session for the trial of Miss Sweety Bell.
I trust that the defendant is ready to testify.
Before we begin, I would like to ask if either the prosecution or defense have any final objections to the matter.
Prosecutor Luna, what say you?
Before we begin, I would like to ask if either the...
The judge suddenly turned to the fluffle puff there.
Before we begin, I would like to ask if either the prosecution or defense have any final objections to the matter.
Prosecutor Luna, what say you?
Prosecutor Luna, you appear somewhat hesitant.
Uh, Prosecutor Luna, you appear somewhat hesitant.
Prosecutor Luna, I hope you don't mind my praying, but you appear somewhat hesitant.
Very well.
Witness, you will testify to the court as to your movements on the night of the murder.
Very well. Witness, you will testify to the court as to your movements on the night of the murder.
Excuse me.
Just as many testimony testimony.
Witness, you will testify to the court as to your movements on the night of the murder.
Defense, are you ready?
In any case, I believe we may now begin the cross examination. Defense, are you ready?
In any case, I
I believe we may now begin the cross examination. Defense, are you ready?
Scuttle is note, scuttle is note, scuttle is note, scuttle is note, scuttle is note and the blood
is note, scuttle, scuttle is note, scuttle is note, scuttle is notes, and the blood stain!
Witness, please continue.
Please continue, witness, please continue.
What do you mean? What do you mean?
What do you mean?
Rather ingenious spell of the Mommetida.
ирован genius spell of the Movetida.
Rather ingenious spell of the Movetida.
And rather, ingenious spur of the moment ideal.
And what happened next?
I understand defendant.
Let's return to when you came to them.
What did you do immediately afterwards?
I understand defendant.
Let's return to when you came to them.
What did you do immediately afterwards?
I understand defendant.
Let's return to when you came to them.
What did you do immediately?
It almost says like other.
What did you do immediately after?
Okay.
I understand defense.
Let's return to when you came to them.
What did you do immediately afterwards?
I understand defendant.
Let's return to when you came to them.
What did you do immediately afterwards?
Why is that?
Defense.
Surely you're not asking the defendant to go back into the Everfree Forest just to grab a bunch of material.
And surely you don't expect us to go in there with her?
Agreed.
Belief.
Remove the nullifier.
Agreed.
Belief.
Remove the nullifier.
Agreed.
Belief.
Remove the nullifier.
Hmm?
Forgive me witness.
I believe I misheard you.
Did you say you can't make a turn of kit?
I don't want to break.
I believe I misheard you.
Hmm?
Forgive me witness.
I believe I misheard you.
Did you say you can't make a turn of kit?
Hmm?
Forgive me witness.
But I believe I misheard you.
Did you just say you can't make a turn of kit?
Hmm?
Forgive me witness.
I believe I misheard you.
Did you say you can't make a turn of kit?
Hmm?
But who?
Miss Sweety Bell?
There was no one else at the statue.
But who?
Defense, have you any idea as to who this mysterious helper was?
And who are they?
What?
I would also like to hear from her.
Bayliffe, please bring in Miss Silver Spoon to testify before the court.
Bayliffe, bring in Miss Silver Spoon to testify before the court.
Now then, Miss Silver Spoon.
Wait a moment.
Is that Miss Diamond Tiora?
What are you doing here?
Only Miss Silver Spoon was summoned.
I would also like to hear from her.
Bayliffe, bring in Miss Silver Spoon to testify before the court.
Now then, Miss Silver Spoon.
Wait a moment.
Is that Miss Diamond Tiora?
What are you doing here?
Only Miss Silver Spoon was summoned.
Now then, Miss Silver Spoon.
Wait a moment.
Is that Miss Diamond Tiora?
What are you doing here?
Only Miss Silver Spoon was summoned.
Now then, Miss Silver Spoon.
Wait a moment. Is that Miss Diamond Tiora?
What are you doing here?
Only Miss Silver Spoon was summoned.
Now then, Miss Silver Spoon.
Wait a moment. Is that Miss Diamond Tiora?
What are you doing here?
Only Miss Silver Spoon was summoned.
Defense?
Laterpairs to be...
Laterpairs to indeed be a repaid of what we have heard from the...
Maybe it would help if I actually read the line before I actually spoke it.
And try to clear the sweat dripping for my glasses.
I need some other ventilation in here.
Oh wow, that did nothing.
That only made it worse. Okay, I'm gonna pause for a minute so I can properly clean my glasses.
Okay, that's much better.
Alright, let's try it again.
Defense?
Laterpairs to indeed be a repaid of what we heard from these fillies in yesterday's trial.
I fail to see what you said, maybe.
Defense?
Laterpairs to indeed be a repaid of what we heard from these fillies in yesterday's trial.
I fail to see what you said, maybe.
Mm, a fair point.
Very well. You may begin your cross examination.
A fair point. Very well. You may begin your cross examination.
And what happened afterward? And what happened afterward?
But that means that you stuck with your friend the whole time.
But that means that you stuck with your friend the whole time, right?
In any case, I believe it is best that we return to the witness's testimony.
Now that the matter about the glasses has been cleared up.
Then please explain the Sykes.
So, the second clan was heard by Miss Scootaloo and Miss Silver Spoon then.
Why is that?
Oh, you're right, but does Seaman plausible, but she's still sad she's, she's, she's, she's, she's, she's, she's, she's.
So, you're right, that does Seaman plausible, but she's still sad she heard, that clan, so then.
Oh, you're right, that does Seaman plausible, but she's still sad she heard, that clan, so then.
You're right, that does Seaman plausible, but she's still sad she heard, you're right, that does Seaman plausible, but she's still sad she heard, that clan, so then.
That does Seaman plausible, but she's still sad she heard, that clan, so then.
But she's still sad she heard, that clan, so now.
But she's still sad she heard, that clan, so then.
But she still said she heard, that clan, so then.
Prosecutal Luna, what do you mean?
What do you mean Prosecutal Luna?
This is...
Ah!
The photo that privatite took revealing royal orders blood at the crossroads?
This is... Ah! The photo that privatite took revealing royal orders blood at the crossroads?
This is... Ah!
The photo that privatite took revealing royal orders blood at the crossroads?
Prosecutal Luna, what do you mean?
You are, you are, you are, you are, you are.
Defense? This witness has objected to your claim. Do you have any proof to support it?
Uh, you, you don't, you don't want to present it?
Defense? You don't want to present it?
Uh, Miss Sykes, I'm afraid I don't understand.
One more detail? One more detail? One more detail? One more detail?
What is this one other detail that you had in mind, Miss Sykes?
Alright, and that's all she wrote for tonight, so catch you next part.